good evening my name is Bruce are you
deep
yes but kinda strange all right sorry
your Cicero is back yes go to the farm
the Laureus farm just off the road the
farmer is at his farm where else would
he be
I'm not sure where would he be the night
mother's Krypton Brazil was desecrated
the Imperial provinces rabbito your
people with the creative Louis Cicero
for me Brazil 3 can you spell your name
for me you know well if you're gonna
steal I got to me then I can't be there
very helpful you spell your name for me
please
I'm sorry your vehicle is stuck because
that would happen yes I'm sorry the
phone that's a little bit fuzzy let me
just pull up your file and we'll send
someone else to you okay
go to the farm the Laureus farm just off
the road could I just have the phone
number that we would have on your file
then yes and what is the phone number
please go to the farm I'm sorry I can
barely hear you if you do need roadside
assistance give us a call back
[Applause]